feat: New Component Float Button (#37520)
ant-design/ant-design: components/float-button/demo/customize-type.md

---
order: 1
iframe: 360
title:

>   zh-CN: 自定义类型
>   en-US: Custom type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  zh-CN: 类型
  en-US: Type
```

---

## zh-CN

> 你可以定义悬浮按钮的类型

Reviewer: ```suggestion
通过 `type` 改变悬浮按钮的类型
```

## en-US

> You can customize the type of the FloatButton.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Change the type of the FloatButton with `type`.
```
